
- Nonverbal communication is important to the study of intercultural communication because people use nonverbal communication to express internal states, create identity, regulate interaction, repeat messages, and substitute actions for words.

- Nonverbal communication is culture bound.

- Nonverbal communication involves all nonverbal stimuli in a communication setting that (1) are generated by both the source and his or her use of the environment and (2) have potential message value for the source and/or the receiver.

- Nonverbal messages may be intentional or unintentional.

- Nonverbal messages can work alone or in tandem with verbal messages.

- When studying nonverbal communication, it should be remembered that nonverbal messages involve multichannel activity, can be ambiguous, and are composed of numerous interacting variables.

- Nonverbal behaviors and culture are similar in that both are learned, both are passed from generation to generation, and both involve shared understandings.

- The body is a major source of nonverbal messages. These messages are communicated by means of general appearance, judgments of beauty, skin color, attire, body movements (kinesics), posture, gestures, facial expressions, eye contact, touch, and paralanguage.

- Cultures differ in their perception and use of personal space, seating, and furniture arrangement.

- A culture’s sense of time can be understood by learning how members of that culture view informal time and whether their orientation toward time is monochronic or polychronic.

- The use of silence varies from culture to culture.

- You can improve your nonverbal communication skills by keeping your interpretations tentative, being conscious of the context, employing feedback, knowing your culture, and monitoring your nonverbal actions.